so tell me to first place at today's a
good control tournament with good
control is that right no no I played
chaos control and the reason I chose us
that case because um if I won I wouldn't
want to have done a deck profile from
like standard no control because Chris
Perot biggest list is pretty much one of
the like it's almost perfect for a
standard group controllers yeah I like I
played right a regular standard road
control so long that I got kind of bored
with it so I kind of wanted to play
somebody else so I play the play tested
this a lot and it's worked out pretty
good
alright let's have a look at the
decklist um before the boss monster just
BLS a triple chaos sorcerer um the
reason for triple kill sources actually
like I play card structure and there are
too many situations where if you only
play to chaos sorcerer and you'll have
to discard one or two and you only have
one Cales monster left and this is base
beard and so it's not too much no if I
don't play chaos source I would if I
don't like restriction I would play only
to chaos or sanity because then it's
just a calling this is the best live
food I use and this is a plus which
works together with graceful charity
perfectly and try and you play right
Nikki break to at a card structure and
the card struck here um but like this
makes it so every time you draw this it
makes it so that you'll always have a
good life in grave because this never
gets bulbous or something the first one
that never happens anything to because
you send it straight to grade and then
it makes return a lot better like if you
don't play this I would have probably
not play return from the different
dimension 1x areal because like if you
ever draw this you have your large so
it's the darkest sometimes but with a
problem because most of those are flip
effect so they get an obvious base and
then you lose all of them and this is
kind of a decent leader because I don't
play any tribute muscles besides the
tummy dragon
so there's no like chainsaw rare nights
so premature and call can be pretty like
loss here and this makes it a little bit
better
um Gregor is down here at SEMA trial
once you kill me just one yeah it's not
really necessary like you can do some
cute stuff with all the flesh but you
don't like I don't play metamorphoses so
you cannot do like Thousand Eyes snoops
sang in them and sinister all the first
one morphing jar and it's not a light or
dark which sucks but bug it's just the
clicker shake that's also the reason for
card stroking one merchant because Jew
sucks with this if you notice you know
the thunder dragon to minister failed
this also works
thank you break and everything just
recycle your moves that's why you never
need to playthrough of discipline and do
Jesus this foot this this one is so good
like if you play the course you play - I
don't play one you you almost want to
see it every time for the spouse to
nobleman the car destruction which you
only play this if you played to pass or
the Trinity what I like to say is this
deck has a lot bigger of resistance for
the Wii video because there's other
dragons in the night assailant well they
all together in Kabul which is like it's
nice because they can't just bind you or
you all the time if you liked it funny
gang or something the two power cards
stay and only one goat
um I played this because I wanted some
defense but I didn't want to play nine
or ten drops okay which is like if
chenza was not legal or not played or
something I would I wouldn't even bother
playing don't like the traps are much
better than this most of the time it's
just that I don't want to be so general
even more like sometimes resurgence
already and then one took and book is
not even that great of ikana doing it's
good if you are even with your bonus or
bus or if you have monsters if you don't
have monsters this country sucks because
you can book something and you can be
different you just go - one for eternity
nothing really happens one is enough in
this list like if you play thousand eyes
on metamorphosis obviously two is better
than 200 these are just nothing special
returned from the different dimension is
retarded you went so many games with
this you just play towards it pretty
much the entire game and essentially
you're just want know what I miss you
um dimension fusion you can't always
play like I you know I just take direct
effects a lot of times actually like go
just really about resource grinding and
keeping your monsters for the right time
can you spells so a lot of times I will
just take attacks so so I can keep my
cards for later like dimension fusion
also makes it so if you're playing
mirror match for something to take in
some in there monsters and even like if
you're not something or they not your
mouth fake they will also adjust okay so
if you dimension fusion you can run wiki
big I think this is better than Phoenix
and embossing every way like the only
time ring boss is better when you're
winning to enter gating faster like this
this solves problems winged bus is kind
of like and then spell shield Oh this
cart was really good actually I would
not advise playing this in any deck so
to smoke kills or any deck that does not
lay on a flips I'm because like if
if they know what tales about the Cales
deck this looks like and they should
just be playing there knocks any time
you said something because everything
you said is so good in it so this makes
it so that at least you don't lose
everything it's like if you if you stop
a knock with this you're in a really
good position for the psychic card play
one Jinzo
so I think if you're not playing against
you should be citing it for
and very much like one Mobius this was
made mostly for time lock if I played
against its and other solitary sticks
same with this took I confirm a match it
actually won me the mayor match like and
one dude at the at the dreams I had my
original chaos and so he was also
playing it but then a bit different and
this is just one game like I so many
device like I summon it and friendlies
and then just made it survive the entire
game so he could do anything the purpose
of moon is basically for gender like if
they site engines or mean it's
bottomless is for beasts down you can
cite it in there but I don't because you
can't flips just choose this kind of
depends on what your feeling like if you
think you're going to need it you can
cite it and it's really good against the
mere match and the bars leaders will
change the store NATO force or taxes on
tobacco another soccer trophy star and
what she's fired for time and for if
your opponent goes return and December 5
monsters you can just ceasefire to for
game problems so you can do that and if
you feel like you're gonna need to stop
a flip feature go sector so uh I was a
side there was no madam or syntactic
like for standard Georgie will beat this
this fleet every fusion is just just
just as easy horse like you don't need
this is basically all you forgive
metamorphosis like the rest is kind of
filler anyway yep
well I don't know anything else you want
to say about that I'm really happy
before to me well like I tested a lot
with this I was really hoping to win and
graduations are 3-3